Add Native Image Native Memory Tracking (NMT) option and update docs (#44000)
quarkusio/quarkus: docs/src/main/asciidoc/building-native-image.adoc

== Using Monitoring Options

> Monitoring options such as JDK flight recorder, jvmstat, heap dumps, NMT, and remote JMX (experimental in Mandrel 23)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Monitoring options such as JDK flight recorder, jvmstat, heap dumps, NMT (starting with Mandrel 24.1 for JDK 23), and remote JMX 
```

I think there is no reason to mention Mandrel 23.0 as the minimum supported version is now 23.1. It's probably worth mentioning that NMT is only available in >= 24.1 though.

Author: Good point!
